[enterprise-4.14] OSDOCS#9025: Add older infra feat anno to OF tracker (#69579)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

OpenShift CLI (`oc`) commands now default to obtaining the credentials from Podman configuration locations first, but will fall back to checking the deprecated Docker configuration file locations.

[id="ocp-4-14-dep-infra-anno"]
==== operators.openshift.io/infrastructure-features annotations

> Starting in {product-title} 4.14, the `operators.openshift.io/infrastructure-features` group of annotations are deprecated by the group of annotations with the `features.operators.openshift.io` namespace.
> 
> See xref:../operators/operator_sdk/osdk-generating-csvs.adoc#osdk-csv-manual-annotations-deprecated_osdk-generating-csvs[Deprecated infrastructure feature annotations] for the earlier group of annotations, and see xref:../operators/operator_sdk/osdk-generating-csvs.adoc#osdk-csv-annotations-infra_osdk-generating-csvs[Infrastructure features annotations] for the latest group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from OpenShift Container Platform 4.14, the `operators.openshift.io/infrastructure-features` group of annotations are deprecated, and replaced with the `features.operators.openshift.io` namespace.

For more information about the earlier group of annotations, see xref:../operators/operator_sdk/osdk-generating-csvs.adoc#osdk-csv-manual-annotations-deprecated_osdk-generating-csvs[Deprecated infrastructure feature annotations].

For more information about the latest group of annotations, see xref:../operators/operator_sdk/osdk-generating-csvs.adoc#osdk-csv-annotations-infra_osdk-generating-csvs[Infrastructure features annotations].
```
